stop with the excuses I'm too old and
stiff to be flexible well actually this
study stretched a bunch of 65-year-olds
and guess what stretching was more
effective for them not less I'm too tall
to be flexible cuz my muscles have
further to stretch your muscles adapt to
the stressors placed on them that's why
there are tall bodybuilders and short
bodybuilders your muscles are adaptable
no matter how long or how short they are
ah stretching is too painful
okay this one is actually true but good
news the act of stretching actually
increases your pain tolerance overall so
this over time you know gets easier and
easier stay flexy